---
title: User Experience Design + Agile -- The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly
datetime: 2021-08-08 18:30
summary: There's a rumor going around that user experience design (UXD) and Agile don't play well together. In this talk, I'll explain that they do -- most of the time! 
rsvp: https://www.meetup.com/Front-End-Columbus/events/279009319/
---
Event Overview:

<page-paragraph>
There's a rumor going around that user experience design (UXD) and Agile don't play well together. In this talk, I'll explain that they do -- most of the time! Learn about the historical reasons for why these two disciplines sometimes butt heads, as well as the good/bad/ugly of various approaches to integrating design and development.

Join Frontend Columbus and Joshua Randall Thursday night for this exciting talk! We’ll get started around 6:30PM, and have time for discussion after the presentation.
</page-paragraph>

---

About the Speaker:

<page-paragraph>
Joshua Randall has over 20 years of experience in information technology and user experience design. He has worked on mission critical software development projects in several industries, including auto and health insurance, paints & coatings, and finance. In his current day job he is a Product Designer at RevLocal, which provides digital marketing services to small businesses.

Joshua holds a masters degree from Kent State University's user experience design program. In addition, he is co-organizer of the Cleveland Accessibility Meetup and serves as President of the board of the Cleveland chapter of the User Experience Professionals Association (UXPA).
</page-paragraph>

--- 
Schedule:

➡️ 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM
User Experience Design + Agile -- The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly